Viserra

Prep work needed:
1. Refactor app theme
2. Sort out auth workflow
3. Make mobile responsive (if time allows)

Marketing:
1. regular financial database at baseline, market as open for pre-using
2. founder let marketing (content creation)
3. 


















Old
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Action:
Read in logic - make it so that a new row that's now in the database can be appended, even tho its not in a new quarter.

2. Need to display more granular data, start from company level statements and holdings (see if Cap IQ batch download possible)
3. See if lease level data is possible to source and aggregate
4. improve UI
5. Add back biz stat table
6. clean up cap IQ notes, add currency, bold font, %, $, etc.
7. Hide crowdfunding info/pricing for now, change header to side bar
8. Make sure overdisplay aligns with financial data


User feedback:
Average lease duration, as well as how much they appreciate annually. A breakdown of the type of leases they have, NNN for example is a type of lease. Would be super nice to just quickly see something like 142 leases, 100% NNN, annual appreciation of 1.5%, average duration of 10 years. Those are just random numbers obviously but if you could quickly list all of that for any REIT that would be amazing. I also like to see the percentage of buildings currently occupied, and how many tenants have missed rent last month.
A breakdown of the type of properties owned would also be great, for example 20% office buildings, 40% industrial, 40% farm land.
Something else could be a chart that breaks down where the properties they own are, for example 25 in California, 10 in Washington, etc.



Portfolio Simulation/Tracking: Allowing users to build/test portfolios?


REIT Data Cleaning
	regional focus (will have REIT that invest in diff countries, so category important)
	Need to add all missing data from REIT universe
	missing FFO - ALEX
	RLj - extreme FFO growth (Block 2021 data as NA)
	SVC - extreme FFO Growth (Block 2021 data as NA)
	WHLR - extreme FFO Yield (Change to FFO annualized)
	Stocks with extremely high annualized return - PECO, CURB, extreme surge in single day

Operational score - 
1. FFO Yield (This is the opposite of P/FFO basically, it shows that are you buying this REIT at a cheap price, how much CF or rental income are you generate if you buy now) 
2. FFO Payout (Historical, and take into acct of fluctuation, is the stock's dividend predictable, ie how much of that CF you generated can you actually receive) 
3. FFO growth - Historical (is the company's Operation good, is the management able to increase your rent while keeping the overhead low?)

Price Volitility Score - 
Price volitility, extreme loss events, liquidity, expected price return, etc


Website:

Marketing (Selling points):
Data integraty only track reit, handle and double check all data point
handle anomaly, negative earnings growth
REIT specific metrics
Explain the ranking/scoring
exclude problematic REIT/FOF, and companies that classified as REIT only for tax purposes.

Pricing
Free:
1. Customizable screener - property types, AUM, reginal investment focus, etc.
2. REIT Display - 
	Business Des
	Website
	Number of Professionals, etc.
	Stock price and volumne data (from existing DB)

3. Market Monitor? - Add later on (cap rate, interest rate, etc)

Paid: 
	Advanced analytics - price volitility
	Target price and upside
	Financial Statements
	export to excel

4. Advanced functionality, ex: predictive analytics or scenario analysis (like “stress test if interest rates rise another 2%”)

5. Further functionality - 
Connect REPE platform, track PE strategy and reginal focus, function as a connector? like a direct real estate listing website? but instead of real estate it's fund/developer (private investment platform)
Add RE crowdfunding analytics function

increase country coverage - UK
Increase asset coverage - CMBS - very low competition.
China clients?
Think about AI integration
Design daily routine for full time entru
make Fundamental + Score Stability into a map

FAQ - Why not single RE? (REC offers thoseas well - diversification)

Long term path - automate data fetching

Use Test
Free works
Premium works
Email verification works
Username double count prevention works
Email double count prevention works
Password characters rule work
Real time check on email verification work
Google signup works

O1 to resolve: 
If a user half sign-up using traditional method, back out, try to use the same email again (trad method), it'll fail, they can use gmail signup the second time with the same email, the traditional auth will be overwritten
And half sign-up using gmail does not prevent a second attempt using gmail, again, the auth will be overwritten.






